---
title: 2024-08-10
date: 2024-08-10T22:08+02:00
---
Today I spent most of the time in front of the steering-wheel or my phone screen.  When I had a Samsung phone I had removed most of the apps to which I was somehow addicted, and in the end I had a phone almost tailored on my needs.  With the iPhone it's not much different if I really wanted to, but for some reason it's not the same either.

This necessity to have everything at hand is an unjustifiable anxiety.  I understand from where it comes from, but it's still unacceptable.  One of the arguments against those who suggest a less technological[^1] alternative to what we're living right now is that without current technology we wouldn't have a lot of other much more needed things.  I remember many years ago when everybody were talking about Twitter and the Arab Spring.  That was a one-time-thing, and it never got replicated, so why should everything else be different?  What use do you have for having Instagram on your phone when nobody ever post a picture of the instant they're living anymore?  Why having all newspapers at hand if no news can really be of any use in those five minutes?

I have nothing against instant communication, but in general it looks to me that almost any service we currently use is born from a fake necessity shown to us by the newest capitalist company of the moment.

[^1]: I was about to write "more luddist", which somehow is more correct since we're talking about anti-technology and anti-capitalism.

